Xu Shiyang
Don't think you're my woman
You can tease me
I know myself.
I'm just a toy for him
It can be abandoned anytime, anywhere
If you lose your job at AFC
You can come to me.
No, nothing else.
Mr. Zhou has already given me a lot.
I am content
I told you before.
Don't call me Mr. Zhou
Thank you Yan Jing
What does she mean by that?
director
LEo's interview has been successfully edited
I want to get back the "Financial News" as agreed.
Xu Shiyang
You just got the bad press a while ago
Wait a minute.
I have dealt with my brother's debt
He won't come back to Harbor City again
Really?
Director, you said
As long as I get the interview with Zhao Lian'an
Please return the "Financial News" to me as agreed.
Xu Shiyang
Just had a big boss
Spent 5 million on advertising for the company
But this big boss likes me very much.
Want me to host "Financial Times"
What do you say?
Director, you gave him the hot show for 5 million
Xu Shiyang
Tari is in a slump now
5 million worth it
Director, he knows nothing about economics
Give him the show and it's ruined
I have decided Xu Shiyang
Don't think you've reached the interview of the grandson of the ship king?
What's so great about you?
If you can really bring real money to the platform
That's awesome
Now you go out